Giving a talk illustration (#2934)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/presenting.md

# Presenting About _The Turing Way_
Talks are a great way to engage new communities, teach people about open and reproducible practices, and expand the reach of _The Turing Way_ by introducing the book and inviting new contributors. We encourage any Turing Way contributor to present on behalf of _The Turing Way_, and we ask that you use the guidelines detailed below to shape your talk and ensure consistency with _The Turing Way_ style. 

```{figure} ../figures/giving-a-talk.*
---
height: 500px
name: giving-a-talk

> alt: Giving a talk about the Turing Way or running a Turing Way workshop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: The image shows a female speaker with long dark hair standing in front of a large wall mounted screen giving a talk about the Turing Way. There are several audience members watching her. There is also an image of a head scarf wearing person sitting at their desk in front of a laptop running an online Turing Way workshop.
```
